Tweak docs about Kubernetes API versions (#24474)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/api-overview.md

## API versioning

Kubernetes makes a strong commitment to maintain compatibility for official
Kubernetes APIs once they reach general availability (GA), typically at API
version `v1`. Additionally, Kubernetes keeps compatibility even for _beta_

> API versions wherever feasible:

Reviewer: You want to duplicate the content from the concepts page?

Author: Indeed - I don't want to assume that the reader has read the other page.

if you adopt a beta API you can continue to interact with your cluster usin

> gthat API, even after the feature goes stable.

Reviewer: nit, fixme:
if you adopt a beta API you can continue to interact with your cluster using that API,
even after the feature goes stable.

> if you adopt a beta API you can continue to interact with your cluster usin
> gthat API, even after the feature goes stable.

Author: ```suggestion
if you adopt a beta API you can continue to interact with your cluster using
that API, even after the feature goes stable.
```
